Your all-in-one translator for web pages, highlighted text, & Netflix subtitles. Translate and learn words in 103 languages.

Just like a real-life mate has your back, Mate Translate Extension for Chrome has you covered for all your translation needs. 

Mate helps you easily and effortlessly translate words, phrases and documents from 103 languages. 

Mate’s comprehensive dictionary and custom curated phrasebook will help you accelerate your language learning with both page translation and optional human translation. 

Mate isn’t just for reading and writing but for full language mastery and comprehension. Download your Mate Chrome translator today and never feel lost in language again.

Reading an article on the Internet and don’t know a word? Just select any text on any webpage, press a shortcut and see the translation in an unobtrusive window right on the same page. 

Need to type in some text by yourself and translate it? Just open the Mate pop-up window by clicking on the icon next to your browser address bar. It’s always by your side! 

103 languages
It understands 103 languages. Mate also teaches you how to pronounce correctly. It shows phonetic transcription, transliteration and can speak out words and texts with correct accent.

Full-page translation
Mate can translate entire web pages within one mouse-click! Just select "Translate this page" in the context menu on any page to see it translated to your language.

Synchronization
It synchronizes across all your devices. All your translation & dictionary data will be automatically synchronized between all your browsers, iPhones and Macs you are using Mate on.

Phrasebook
It allows you to create custom word lists with your favorite words. Just give our Mate Phrasebook a try. Easily create & curate word lists which are available even offline. Perfect for language learners or travelers who need to have their word lists always by their side. 

Download Mate today to get your ultimate translation helper for free! 1,000,000 users worldwide are already using Mate.